[Music]
you make me happy every time you smile
we're gonna create a beautiful world
together today after 9/11
Danny and I flew to Pakistan he was the
South Asia bureau chief for The Wall
Street Journal and I was working for
French Public Radio sorry I'm so late
by the end of January we were ready to
go home but there was one more interview
that any one of them when will you be
home I'm hoping nine o'clock is it I
love you daddy
oh you is everything okay why are you is
there a problem no no there's no photo I
can't get through this day how far are
we going is it is it far
Danny had an interview he's not back he
didn't come home last night
hello
we're coming to you from the home of
Daniel Pearl the journalist has been
kidnapped in Pakistan the most important
thing for us is to find a school there
are so many people in the city how would
you find one man will fight kidnappers
with genetics is Daniel boy still alive
Jelani was the guy he was just debate
why did your husband have to meet with
these people he's a journalist I don't
think this is the business of a generous
forgive me for correcting you but it is
absolutely the business of a journalist
we're doing everything we can to try to
locate him at rescue
[Music]
here's a gun through is it and he's
smiling he's telling me is okay if you
could say one thing to your husband now
what would you tell him I love you
this film is for our son so he noticed
that his father was an ordinary man
an ordinary Europe
[Music]